Here comes Aureo!
Over here, dude!
Aureo, come say hi to us!
Mikage's grades are impeccable. What a top-tier student.
True. Everything the boy touches turns to gold.
Wow! Three in a row! That was freaking awesome, Bill!
Up till now, I've gotten everything I've ever wanted.
But...
I know that might not always be the case.
There are some things in life out of my reach.
I finally made it this far.
At last!
I have the chance to play alongside you again.
Hey, Nagi.
Just one thing. Keep your eyes on me.
Yeah. Let's do this.
Me?
I'll fight.
That hurts.
All right.
Says the village inspector.
Awwt!
Si!
See you sometime, child.
Take care.
I may have made him leave for work.
But he always seems to enjoy it.
Nutmeg.
Will this really be it?
Help, help!
It's time to go!
Now is just the right time
What's wrong?
Don't get in my way
It's getting intense
My heart is racing
While choosing a route without a destination
Someone was looking down
A flower of drama
Vividly
Drowning in anywhere
The game you're trying to play
Like a burning flame
A winning ticket
A cheap, cheap, cheap
A
Alright, here's that final goal.
First, I pretended I was going right.
Then I stepped behind
Karasu
And was able to slip behind Oteya
And into Rin's blind spot
Woah, woah, question
Did you start moving only after you worked out the whole dang strategy?
No, how can I put this?
It's like I decoded how to move mid-reaction without overthinking
In this last play
Something told me to squeeze between Rin and Shiro
And take the shot after I broke through
Wow, there's something else, bro
I mean, sensing all of that in an instant like you did
Yeah, that's the weird part
It was the first time I've ever done something that complicated
You mean your goal?
Truth be told, I didn't think you were gonna make it either
I passed it thinking either Rin or Shiro would be the one to get it
And good on you for looking back and analyzing what happened like this
It's an important part of maturing as a player
Where'd it come from?
That idea you had about thinking reflexively?
Yeah...
It's like that game with the blocks
Initially, they start off slow like
So you can think carefully about where you're gonna stack them
But, as the pace keeps picking up
Soon enough, there's no time to plan ahead
That's what it's like playing with Rin and Shiro on the field
You need crazy speed just to keep up with them
Yeah, that makes sense
If I did think like that, I'd be a good player
But if I was the old me, I'd be too slow
How are the blocks piling up?
Which one are you holding back for now?
What's the shape of the next one about to fall?
You get the information, think about it, then act
Skilled gamers can process all of that at incredible speeds
It's all reflex to them
They press the right buttons without conscious thought
Same skills, different games, get me?
I understand now
In that moment, I saw everything I needed to
Where the players were
And exactly what they were after
As well as the weapons I had
And where the next pass would end up
I deployed all of my skills simultaneously at a high speed
Which allowed me to arrive at the prime shooting position before anyone else
Yep, you've got me
It's cause of your skills
Everything you learnt, unifying
It only seems like you suddenly did something amazing
In reality, it's just your speed that shot up
Cause what you can do has been condensed
So it ain't actually a new skill
The software stayed the same, but the hardware got an upgrade
Yep, a lot like a smartphone, right?
4G seems fast till you experience 5G
So that's what caused the sensation
I was so in the zone
I forgot myself
Like a trance
I get what you're saying
But it feels like I pulled it off because a load of things aligned
Rin and Shido were having it out
So it was easy to slip behind them
Also, it would have been impossible without you two there
So thanks, Nanase
And you too, Yori
Shucks
Honestly, my dude
There wasn't anyone else I could have kept up with out there
What do you mean by that?
So I'm hoping this won't sound rude
But Rin and Shido's movements were out of this world
I knew right away I couldn't follow them
But you, Isagi
I felt I could combo off of you
If only barely
Yeah, sweet
With you backing me up, I had tons more freedom with the plays I could make
So it's all good
It made all the difference
We're a good fit
Thanks
Yori was aces too
That's awfully kind, but I just played like I usually do
Really, Isagi
That goal you made?
It let me and Nanase show our worth, big time
And we won
I reckon we did our best out there
For sure, we killed it
I've got no regrets
I feel that
For now, it's a waiting game
Congrats on a great tryout, boys
Man, ouch, that stings
I'm country strong
I may have unlocked something new today
But I haven't mastered it yet
I need to increase the reproducibility of that trance-like state
So I can use it whenever I want
Once I do, I can aim even higher
I think the next game is supposed to start any minute
Here we go, match two!
Since that moment you went with someone else
I've grown even stronger
To catch up to you
I fought tooth and nail to make it here
But
You're still ahead of me
So I'm gonna prove to you here and now
Out of everyone, I should be next to you
They're passing faster!
They're number ten
He's mine
I'll mark him
I see where you're headed
The kind of spin you want
The timing of it
No one knows better than me
Hey, not half bad
It was all bad
The tallest soccer player in high school
The giant himself
Ishikari
A bit low for my taste
Oh man
It went to him
Okay, let's counter!
Pass it up here, you long-lost android
Stop out-trying me and stuff!
He's dead!
This one's useful under pressure
I'll show you!
What?
He actually did it!
The number one player passed the ball to me!
I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna pull off an awesome counterattack with a top striker!
Hold it right there
You should have stayed at the temple
Guess it's not gonna be easy
Either way, I can't take the ball nearer to the goal
Gotta make this pass count!
Who do I choose?
Which genius do I hitch my star to?
I'm at the crossroads
Facing my destiny
Which of these guys is gonna hoist me up?
And take me to the next stage?
The hell are you doing?
Want me to crack open your skull?
Yabba!
Aw, damn
I panicked and passed a sheet out!
The ball's headed this way, cop-not!
Well, crap
Looks like you got behind me
Oh, wait
Guess it's still within my reach
I like
Stop!
What about my destiny?
Time to show me what you've got
Number five
Those are drag scissors!
He throws off his opponent's center of gravity, then dribbles past them at top speed
This guy's explosive!
One-on-one, he's making Rin look like a child!
Soccer at its core is merely a duel
And in those situations, I'm confident there's no one in Japan better than me
That's some good s**t!
But let's put it to the test, huh?
Yukimiya
Despite appearances, he actually excels when it comes to a close-range fight!
Batcha's dribbling relies on technique and creativity
That's how he sneaks past
Gotta keep up, slowpoke
But this guy, he forces his way through with power and speed
Some kind of hard dribbling
He's ranked fifth for a reason
Kenyu Yukimiya, aka the one-on-one emperor
We can't beat him alone! Team up with me!
I don't like the idea of you giving me orders, but fine
Use this side, Yukimiya!
But why escalate things?
We can resolve this peacefully if I just score
A mid-range shot from there?
What? He has no sight of goal!
That's a mis-kick!
Didn't you know? I'm a pacifist, you see
What's with the trajectory?
It's dropping sharply and moving outside
A gyro shot?
I'm here with style
Whoa!
Oh, so there's another one
That's kinda heavy
Scary
Nagi
You trapped it, huh?
Nicely done, number six
The top guys have next-level synergy
Whoever this Nagi is?
He's not the one I knew
Oops, stole your goal
Sorry, four eyes
There's no way I could have scored like that
Such a powerful yet precise shot
They don't need to coordinate
Their plays are so advanced, they're in a world of their own
That was some good control, Nagi
Nice shooting, four eyes
Sorry, I mean, Yuki-Mia
Hmph, you can call me Yuki
At my level, I can't reach you
I'm not good enough to satisfy you anymore
You left me behind
You're actually having fun
You're a totally different person than the bored gamer who received my passes
Jerk
The old Nagi is gone
You're not mine anymore
It's about time for a counter attack
Then get moving, insect
Don't think you can boss me around, Rinrin
I live my life the way I want to
Don't call me Rinrin
You bug
The top six don't even feel human
They have weapons that exceed 100%
Stats normal people can't reach no matter how hard they try
And then, there's me
A balanced all-rounder
No matter how much I improve my play, all I can manage is 99%
My stats are maxed out
So how am I supposed to compete against the best?
Nice! Not bad! Passing my way, baby!
I got it. Excellent choice, Number One
You tough freak! Not just me
I'm a 어리 Ki.'s
oney
But now I want all...
but now I want all...
my siver
that'sお願いします
He overdid it
Although...
though I was wrong
I am the one who deserved that
Even if that was hard
You were good
That's it. The only thing they want. To them, it's the only thing worth living for. Batshit idiots.
That pisses me off. Go again.
So that's why. The reason they shine so brightly.
I'm not like that. Even if I lose here and get sent home, I'll live.
Reio, you were born to surpass me one day.
Is there anything you want? You scored at the top of the class again?
You're going to make it into a top university, and then take over the family business.
No way, forget about it. I've raised you as my successor.
Besides, out of all the kids who play, only a chosen few ever get to go pro.
There's no way you'll make the cut.
We're saying this for your sake.
Trust me, son, we're saying this for your sake.
For your sake.
What a bunch of bullshit.
Going back there means returning to a life of boredom.
What I really want is right here.
Yeah.
That's where I belong.
If my dream's going to shatter and fade into nothing, it's going to be on my own terms.
If that means being an idiot, fine!
Here we go.
Got him.
No!
Two-on-one's not your speed, glasses. What a charmer you are.
Heads up!
If my skills are capped, and I can't go above 99...
Bring it on!
If my talent is to pull off any play, and do it well, I should be proud of that fact and
lead it to it 100%!
Incoming pass!
Watch out for the control freak!
I stopped being a jack-of-all-trades.
I'm the master of them all.
I'll take on the top six with everything I've got!
T'me radio.
Right here.
Not happening, Nagi.
Hold on. He's not going to pass it.
He's shooting?
You're changing it, Blue Hawk.
And I will too.
Into whatever color I want!
He messed up! It's a miskick!
That parabola is the same as before.
We just saw that move! He copied you! Give me a shot!
Introducing my new playstyle. The Chameleon.
Nice.
Ryo scored that goal by combining his copying ability with his natural deftness.
Good for him.
We're all looking for ways to survive here.
And it seems like he found his.
Whoa! Dude's copying plays? That'll make him real tough to beat!
Not true. A copy's still a copy.
No matter how well he reproduces a move, he'll be hitting 99% performance at best.
Against an original move performed at full strength, it won't stand much of a chance.
He's got a point. Even a good copy is a shadow of the real thing.
Plus, there are physical attributes.
Things like speed and height that can't be copied.
At his current level, I'm not sure how he would overcome that.
It's impressive, his copying ability. But it needs more development.
Even after all that, I'm still not good enough to beat the top six.
But now I know the path I need to take to evolve.
We lost. Too bad.
Still, that was a nice goal.
I like that you decided to copy other strong players' weapons.
It's very you.
But... it's not enough, is it?
It's not the soccer you want to play.
No.
All right. And just leave me alone. It's not time yet.
But when it is, you'll be the one chasing after me.
Sure thing.
I'll get what I want. Whatever it costs me.
The End
Director
metall eng
One phrase
I can't go back to those days
Now, now
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Just one
Before
Well, look who's here.
Just in time.
Thanks for coming. It's truly an honor.
Welcome to the U-20s, Sai Itoshi.
Hey, you can't just walk in like that. It's not polite.
Why are we meeting with beer belly and phony face?
Please, Sai. That's the chairman and the manager.
Oh, good. That'll make this easy.
I watched a video of the U-20s playing, if you want to call it that.
And in a word, those guys are shit.
Especially the forwards.
Their bunglers stood up into vines.
I accepted your offer because it meant I would have a chance to play the guys in blue lock.
But with this lame team, you can forget about it.
I'm out of here.
Wait, can you stew up bunglers into vines?
Trash my team. Our reign is nuked.
Easy, Hoi-chan. We're all adults. Let's talk.
So it's the forwards, huh? They're not up to your standards.
Well then, we'll just bring in someone else who's more to your liking.
You can pick an overage player, even one of the greats.
I can have that.
Anyone I want?
You can. As long as they're Japanese. It could be Ramos or Kazu.
In that case, you'd better call Blue Lock.
There's an idiot there I want to play with.
Blue Lock. Additional time.
You know what you remind me of?
One of those tree sloths.
Huh?
Let him see it.
Sure, whatever.
Yeah, just like that.
If we're gonna play this game, I'd say you're... a crazy-eyed tarsier.
What, like, because I wear glasses? Harsh.
Some other guys here wear glasses, like your former teammate Zantetsu.
Nah, Zantetsu doesn't give off the same kind of tarsier vibe.
And it's not the glasses. That's too simplistic.
Then what is this comparison based on?
Right, I gotcha. So what about Ayo?
Mmm... Ayo's a chameleon, I guess.
Oh, I can totally see it.
Copy. Copy.
And Anami is like a stick insect, yeah?
Glam-tastic.
A stick glam-sect?
And Isagi is... a rhinoceros beetle?
Donkey.
Because of his cowlick.
Bato would be a boss gorilla.
Donkey. Ooh, ooh.
He's got the face for it.
And Tokimitsu's a girl gorilla.
He and Bato are a couple.
I'm gonna have to go.
Okay.
And I'm gonna have to go.
Ooh.
Okay, last one.
Now do Rin.
Rin?
I'd say he's...
Mmm...
A sludge monster?
Half-baked, lukewarm.
Oh yeah, like the toxic goop that's left after a failed experiment.
Yeah.
One touch and your skin falls off.
NPC.
Sludge monster.
Whoops.
Not good.
And Isagi's not a rhinoceros beetle.
He's clearly a larva just waiting to be eaten by a bird.
Talk about devouring a genius!
Ooh. Sick burn.
That's why you're number one.
Let us stop this foolish game.
No one gains from it.